and it came to pass in the eleventh year
on the first day of the month that the
word of the Lord came to me saying son
of man because taya has said against
Jerusalem ah ha
she is broken who was the Gateway of the
peoples now she is turned over to me I
shall be filled
she is laid waste behold I am against
you Oh tile and will cause many nations
to come up against you as the sea causes
its waves to come up and they shall
destroy the walls of time and break down
her tolerance
I will also scrape her dust from her and
make her like the top of a rock it shall
be a place for spreading nets in the
midst of the sea for I have spoken it
shall become plunder for the nations
also her daughter villages which are in
the fields shall be slain by the sword
then they shall know that I am
behold I will bring against tyre from
the north Nebu kanessa king of babylon
King of Kings with horses with chariots
and with horsemen and an army with many
people he will slay with the sword your
daughter villages in the fields he will
heap up a siege round against you build
a wall against you and raise a defense
against you he will direct his battering
rams against your walls and with his
axes he will break down your towers
because of the abundance of his horses
their dust will cover you your walls
will shake up the noise of the horsemen
the wagons and the chariots when he
enters your gates as men enter a city
that has been breached
with the hooves of his horses he will
trample all your streets he will slay
your people by the thorn and your strong
pillars will
the ground they will plunder your riches
and pillage your merchandise they break
down your walls and destroy your
Pleasant houses they will lay your
stones your timber and your soil in the
midst of the water I will put an end to
the sound of your songs and the sound of
your hops shall be heard no I will make
you like the top of a rock you shall be
a place for spreading nets and you shall
never be rebuilt or I the LORD have
spoken says the Lord God thus says the
Lord God to tyre will the coastlands not
shake at the sound of your fall when the
wounded cry when slaughter is made in
the midst of you then all the princes of
the sea will come down from their
thrones lay aside their robes and take
off their embroidered garments they will
clothe themselves with trembling they
will sit on the ground tremble every
moment and be astonished at you
and they will take up a lamentation for
you and say to you how you have perished
o one inhabited by seafaring men only
noun City who was strong at sea
she and her inhabitants who calls their
terror to be on all her inhabitants
now the coastlands tremble on the day of
your fall yes the coastlands by the sea
are troubled at your departure for thus
says the Lord God when I make you a
desolate City like cities that are not
inhabited when I bring the deep upon you
and great waters cover you
then I will bring you down with those
who descend into the pit to the people
of old and I will make you dwell in the
lowest part of the earth in places
desolate from antiquity with those who
go down to the pit so that you may never
be inhabited and I shall establish glory
in the land of the living I will make
you a terror and you shall be no more
though you are sought for you will never
be found again says the Lord God